Py: rename pager `limit` method to `page_size` (#379)
kubeflow/model-registry: clients/python/README.md

    ...
```

You can also use `order_by_creation_time`, `order_by_update_time`, or `order_by_id` to change the sorting order

```py
latest_updates = registry.get_model_versions("my-model").order_by_update_time().descending()
for version in latest_updates:
    ...
```

By default, all queries well be `ascending`, but this method is also available for explicitness.

> > Note: You can also set the `page_size()` that you want to use, but the pager will automatically manage pages for you.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> Note: You can also explicitly set the `page_size()` that you want this client to use when invoking the remote backend; in any case the pager will automatically manage pages for you.
```

wdyt?

Author: it's not "in any case". It truly depends on the user using it as an iterator. If they use the internal methods it's up to them to make it not loop.

Author: I also wouldn't say "this client" because each iterator has its own options. So:

```
rm_iter = registry.get_registered_models()
rm_iter.page_size(1)
rm_iter2 = registry.get_registered_models() // new obj with default page size
```

Reviewer: s/this client/the iterator/ or s/this client/the pager/ ?

> This is intended to aid in usability as currently the Model Registry backend treats model lists as a circular buffer,

> > and **will not end iteration** for you.

Reviewer: I would move this one into a separate box, title-ing it "implementation notes", because this is an implementation detail of the backend, which the end-user of MR Python client does not necessarily need to know.

Author: we can do that for sure. I just want to make it very clear that our limited interface has a reason to be.
